feat(excel-export): expose a setter for worksheet name (#8015)
IgniteUI/igniteui-angular: CHANGELOG.md

### New Features
- `IgxGrid`, `IgxTreeGrid`, `IgxHierarchicalGrid`
    - When triggering an export of the grid via the toolbar and the export takes more than 500 milliseconds, the export button becomes disabled and an indeterminate progress bar is shown at the bottom of the toolbar until the export is finished.

> - `IgxExcelExporterOptions`
>     - Added new property - `worksheetName`, that allows setting the name of the worksheet.

Reviewer: The bullet should be the name of the component/service:
```suggestion
- ` IgxExcelExporterService`
    - Added `worksheetName` property to the `IgxExcelExporterOptions`, that allows setting the name of the worksheet.
```
